.\" Manpage for usm.
.\" Contact brokenman@porteus.org to correct errors or typos.
.TH man 8 "15 January 2014" "1.0" "usm man page"
.SH NAME
usm \- Unified slackware package manager
.SH SYNOPSIS
Usage:    usm  <option>  [argument]
.P
\fIExample\fP: usm -u all  (to update all databases)
.SH DESCRIPTION
usm is a unified slackware package manager that integrates various
.br
repositories including slackware, slacky, salix and alien.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB-u\fP
[sbo|alien|salix|ponce|slackware|slacky|all|usm] Update databases (or usm).
.TP
\fB-k\fP
[package-name] Keyword search
.TP
\fB-s\fP
[package-name] Package search
.TP
\fB-s\fP
[library-name] Reverse library search. Find mother package.
.TP
\fB-i\fP
[package-name] Package information
.TP
\fB-g\fP
[package-name] Package download
.TP
\fB-d\fP
[/var/log/packages/package-name] Resolve dependencies for installed package
.TP
\fB-d\fP
[NOARG] Resolve dependencies for ALL installed packages
.TP
.TP
\fB-c\fP
[distro] Open changelog for given distro
\fB-l\fP
[package-name] Check if a package is installed
.TP
\fB-l\fP
[NOARG] List ALL installed packages
.TP
\fB-b\fP
[package-name] Build package from source
.TP
\fB-h\fP
Show help
.TP
\fB-S\fP
[/path/to/folder] Set local storage
.P
.TP
\fBEnd Tags\fP
.TP
\fBlinksonly\fP - Only show links for downloads.
.TP
\fBnoprompts\fP - Only ask essential questions.
.TP
\fBnodeps\fP - Only download chosen package.
.TP
\fBdepth=n\fP - Quit after n loops of dep resolution.
.TP
\fBinfo\fP - Output useful information
.P
.TP
\fBSlackbuild options\fP
\fBusm sbo -l\fP will list all available categories in slackbuilds.
.br
\fBusm sbo -l multimedia\fP will list all available packages in multimedia category.
.br
\fBusm sbo -b cueplayer\fP will attempt to build cueplayer package from source.
.br
\fBusm sbo -i cueplayer\fP gets information about a given package.
.br
\fBusm sbo -s cueplayer\fP searches for a given package.
.P
Typing "?" after any option (E.g usm -i ?) gives a usage example.
.br
You may use the full word for options. The following commands are equal:
.P
usm -u slacky
.br
usm -update slacky
.br
usm --update slacky
.br
usm update slacky
.P
.SH USAGE EXAMPLES
\fBusm -u usm\fP Will check for and install updates to USM itself.
.br
\fBusm -d\fP with no argument means ALL installed packages will be processed for dependencies.
.br
\fBusm -s\fP with a library name will attempt to find the mother package for the library given.
.br
\fBusm -s\fP with a package name will attempt to find the package.
.br
\fBusm -k lossy compression\fP searches all package descriptions for packages that contain both words.
.SH EXTRA INFO
You may use a custom configuration file so it does not get over written when you update. The path should be /etc/usm/usm-custom.conf
.br
For more info visit: http://sourceforge.net/p/usm/wiki/Home/
.SH BUGS
See wiki above. Report bugs to: brokenman@porteus.org
.SH AUTHOR
brokenman (brokenman@porteus.org)
